Welcome back my students in the last lecture we already downloaded this page right here that I built
for you this markup this form and now we are ready to start coding some PH BE into it.
Right.
What I really want to do is that I want to clean the data before we go to the database.
And I also want to encrypt the password so that way we can make this hacker proof.
So these are going to be a really awesome series of videos on how to build this restriction page is
going to be awesome.
You know I like it.
All right.
So let's go ahead and jump into our registration that BHP which is in sire's see a folder from the last
video right.
And then let's go ahead up here and start recording some BHB right.
All right let's open up BHB attack that we've done like a million times and let's check for the forum
to see if the form is actually working.
This is what we want to do on this one.
On this lecture here and you should be able to do this.
Few know how to do this.
Just post a video and do it because that's what we are going to be doing.
And if you know how to scaped values of the form also do that because that's what we are going to be
doing also so.
All right.
So let's go ahead and do this.
This use a set function.
Hope you're having a great day.
I'm having an awesome day today.
I start a little down.
Like how you want to do anything.
And once I started making a video or two to help you guys out and get you some more information I started
feeling really good.
So that's an advice there.
If you're feeling down started doing something you like then all of a sudden you're going to feel a
lot better.
All right.
So we've got a couple of fields see your dad.
We need to get right.
But first let's find out if this is working so we're going to use this myth here.
Value.
Value from these out of you to check if it's working.
So if they submit Ryfe if this M-ID value is available to us when I say it's working I'm trying to I'm
going to try to make this a lecture C or shorter if you guys don't mind if you don't let me know and
message me I will make them longer.
Well the shorter they are the better it is for you especially if you don't have much time.
So let's go ahead and check this out to see how it looks in the browser.
If it works enter raised.
Now it's working right.
So we know that our form is working and we need to do is extract the values and clean them out and we're
going to do the next lecture.
So I feel like this shorter lecture versions let me know.
Message me if you don't then also let me know.
But anyway thank you so much for watching.
And I see you in the next lecture.
Take care